phase 1 questions
Linux User Management 

How can you create a user without useradd command?
What is the default permission on user's home directory?
Explain each field of /etc/passwd
If I delete a user, does it's home directory gets deleted? If not then what is the command to delete the home directory of user along with the user
What is the command to view all the currently logged in users?
How can you give a normal user all the root level privileges?
How can you give sudo access to any user without asking him to provide passord every time he runs a command?

Linux ssh 

What is the default port & configuration file of SSH Server 
How to change the default ssh port in Linux ?
What is the difference between ssh & Telnet ?
What is the use of scp command ?
How to enable passwordless ssh authentication in Linux ?
How to Copy the file “server.txt” from the local machine to a remote host using port 2751 in /opt folder.

linux permissions and ownerships

Will you be able to cd into a directory with only read permission?
What is -R argument used for along with chmod command?
Which exact command is used to see the permissions of a file in the Linux operating system?
Which of the following command is used to change the permissions of a file?
Which of the following command is used to change the group owner of a file?
Which of the following command is used to change the owner of a file?

linux Tar  archiving and links
How to Create a tar Archive File in Linux
How to Create tar.gz Archive File in Linux
How to Untar tar Archive File in Linux
How to Uncompress tar.gz Archive File in Linux
How to List Content of tar Archive File in Linux

linux CronJob
What is a cron job?
Can you give me some examples of real-world uses for cron jobs?
Why would you use a cron job in certain situations over other alternatives like writing custom code to schedule tasks?
If there are few crons configured for a particular user and its password gets expired, will the cron jobs continue to run?
Where does the logs related to cron jobs are collected?

linux process management?
Types of Processes in Linux
Types of Process States in Linux
Whuch two commands available in Linux to track running processes.
which command displays a list of processes that are running in real-time along with their memory and CPU usage.
whuch commanf displays the currently-running processes.

Apache webserver
What do you mean by Apache Web Server?
What is the port of HTTP and https of Apache?
Where are the configuration directories of the Apache webserver?
What do you mean by the log files of the Apache webserver?
What do you mean by a virtual host is Apache?
Explain the difference between location and Directory.
